Deprecate `adjust_infection_to_report()`, `report_cases()`, and `sample_approx_dist()` (#597)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

* `simulate_infections` has been renamed to `forecast_infections` in line with `simulate_secondary` and `forecast_secondary`. The terminology is: a forecast is done from a fit to existing data, a simulation from first principles. By @sbfnk in #544 and reviewed by @seabbs.
* A new `simulate_infections` function has been added that can be used to simulate from the model from given initial conditions and parameters. By @sbfnk in #557 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
* The function `init_cumulative_fit()` has been deprecated. By @jamesmbaazam in #541 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

> * The functions `sample_approx_dist()`, `report_cases()`, and `adjust_infection_reports()` have been deprecated as the functionality they provide can now be achieved with `simulate_secondary()`. See <PR> by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by <REVIEWER>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The functions `sample_approx_dist()`, `report_cases()`, and `adjust_infection_reports()` have been deprecated as the functionality they provide can now be achieved with `simulate_secondary()`. See #597 by @jamesmbaazam and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```
